Complete  Web  Page  Structure  of  the  
Proposed
 
System
 
The  proposed  NurseTrack  system  will  be  implemented  as  a  role-based  web  application  
composed
 
of
 
interconnected
 
pages
 
that
 
support
 
the
 
system’s
 
core
 
modules:
 
User
 
Management,
 
Duty
 
Hours
 
Tracking
 
and
 
Verification,
 
Digital
 
Clinical
 
Case
 
and
 
Procedure
 
Checklist,
 
Scheduling,
 
and
 
Instructor
 
Validation,
 
Progress
 
Monitoring,
 
and
 
Reporting
 
.
 
The  web  interface  is  organized  into  the  following  functional  page  groups:  
 
1.  Authentication  and  Access  Control  Pages  
These  pages  handle  user  identity,  authentication,  and  secure  system  access.  
●  Login  Page  ●  Registration  Page  ●  Forgot  Password  Page  ●  Reset  Password  Page  ●  Logout  Function  (system  action)  
These  pages  support  the  User  Management  Module ,  which  enables  account  creation,  
authentication,
 
and
 
role-based
 
access
 
for
 
nursing
 
students
 
and
 
clinical
 
instructors
 
.
 
 
2.  Role-Based  Dashboard  Pages  
Dashboards  provide  a  centralized  overview  of  system  data  and  quick  navigation.  
Student  Dashboard  
●  Duty  hours  progress  overview  ●  Completed  and  pending  clinical  cases  ●  Assigned  duty  schedule  ●  Notifications  and  reminders  
 
Instructor  Dashboard  
●  Student  compliance  overview  ●  Pending  validations  and  submissions  ●  Schedule  summary  ●  Quick  access  to  reports  and  approvals  
These  dashboards  reflect  the  system  requirement  to  display  progress  status,  completed  
requirements,
 
and
 
pending
 
tasks
 
in
 
real
 
time
 
.
 
 
3.  User  Profile  and  Account  Management  Pages  
These  pages  allow  users  to  manage  personal  information  and  account  settings.  
●  View  Profile  Page  ●  Edit  Profile  Page  ●  Change  Password  Page  ●  Role  Assignment  Page  (Instructor/Admin)  ●  User  List  /  Manage  Users  Page  (Instructor/Admin)  
 
4.  Duty  Hours  Tracking  and  Verification  Pages  
These  pages  implement  the  Duty  Hours  Tracking  and  Verification  Module.  
●  Record  Duty  Hours  Page  ●  Duty  Hours  History  Page  ●  Duty  Hours  Detail  View  Page  ●  Duty  Verification  Page  (Bluetooth-based  confirmation)  ●  Duty  Hours  Progress  Page  
These  pages  support  recording,  verifying,  and  monitoring  duty-hour  completion  with  
proximity-based
 
validation
 
mechanisms
 
.
 
 
 
 
5.  Digital  Clinical  Case  and  Procedure  Checklist  Pages  
These  pages  implement  structured  documentation  of  clinical  cases.  
●  Add  Clinical  Case  Page  ●  Edit  Clinical  Case  Page  ●  Clinical  Case  Checklist  Form  Page  ●  Clinical  Case  History  Page  ●  Clinical  Case  Detail  View  Page  
These  pages  ensure  standardized  documentation  through  structured  digital  checklists  for  
required
 
clinical
 
cases
 
and
 
procedures
 
.
 
 
6.  Scheduling  Module  Pages  
These  pages  support  scheduling,  assignment,  and  coordination  of  clinical  duties.  
Student  Side  
●  View  Schedule  Page  ●  Schedule  Details  Page  
Instructor  Side  
●  Create  Schedule  Page  ●  Assign  Duty  Page  ●  Edit  /  Update  Schedule  Page  ●  Schedule  Management  Page  (calendar  or  list  view)  
These  pages  address  the  requirement  for  centralized  management  of  clinical  duty  
assignments
 
and
 
rotation
 
schedules
 
.
 
 
7.  Instructor  Validation  and  Approval  Pages  
These  pages  enable  instructors  to  review  and  validate  submitted  records.  
●  Review  Student  Submissions  Page  ●  Duty  Hours  Validation  Page  ●  Clinical  Case  Validation  Page  ●  Approval  /  Rejection  Page  
●  Validation  History  Page  
These  pages  fulfill  the  requirement  for  instructors  to  review,  validate,  and  monitor  submitted  
duty-hour
 
and
 
case
 
records
 
.
 
 
8.  Progress  Monitoring  Pages  
These  pages  provide  real-time  tracking  of  student  compliance.  
●  Student  Progress  Tracking  Page  ●  Individual  Student  Progress  View  (Instructor)  ●  Completion  Status  Page  ●  Pending  Requirements  Page  
These  pages  support  visibility  of  completed,  ongoing,  and  pending  requirements  in  the  
system
 
.
 
 
9.  Reporting  and  Compliance  Pages  
These  pages  generate  and  display  system  reports  and  summaries.  
●  Generate  Report  Page  ●  Compliance  Summary  Page  ●  Duty  Hours  Report  Page  ●  Clinical  Case  Report  Page  ●  Schedule  Report  Page  ●  Export  /  Download  Report  Page  
These  pages  align  with  the  system  requirement  to  generate  organized  compliance  
summaries
 
and
 
monitoring
 
reports
 
efficiently
 
.
 
 
10.  Notification  and  System  Feedback  Pages  
These  pages  improve  usability  and  system  interaction.  
●  Notifications  Page  ●  Alerts  /  System  Messages  Page  ●  Submission  Confirmation  Page  
●  Error  /  Validation  Feedback  Page  
 
11.  System  Utility  Pages  
These  are  supporting  pages  for  system  completeness  and  usability.  
●  Home  /  Landing  Page  (optional  public  page)  ●  Help  /  User  Guide  Page  ●  About  System  Page  
 